Add soccer ipm (#1)
ros-sports/soccer_ipm: README.md

# RoboCup Soccer Inverse Perspective Mapping

[![Build and Test (humble)](../../actions/workflows/build_and_test_humble.yaml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/build_and_test_humble.yaml)
[![Build and Test (rolling)](../../actions/workflows/build_and_test_rolling.yaml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/build_and_test_rolling.yaml)

> This package is only available currently for ROS2 Humble onwards.

Reviewer: This was updated in #2

```suggestion
[![Build and Test (rolling)](https://github.com/ros-sports/soccer_ipm/actions/workflows/build_and_test_rolling.yaml/badge.svg?branch=rolling)](https://github.com/ros-sports/soccer_ipm/actions/workflows/build_and_test_rolling.yaml?query=branch:rolling)

This package is only available currently for ROS2 Rolling.
```
